This is London. The world's
greatest city.
I've lived here for 22 years.
Every morning I walk down
the same street.
And every morning, the street
asks who I am.
It asks: "Who is Chaudhary
Baldev Singh?
Where is he from?
Why is he here?"
How should I answer this?
I've spent half my life here, yet
this land and I are still strangers.
No one knows me here,
except these pigeons.
They're like me.
They have no country either.
Wherever they spot grain,
they eat it and take flight.
When will I be able to fly away?
I don't know.
Necessity has clipped my wings.
And the need to eat
has chained my feet.
But one day, I will definitely
go back to our country.
To our Punjab.
When you hear the cuckoo's cry,
memories like bullets fly
Come home, stranger,
your country calls you
The season to stroll
in gardens is back
Come home, stranger,
your country calls you
The illiterate souls of the
village can't read your letter
If you come and kiss the
motherland, then it'll be happy
We agree that you have your
dreams, but we're your own
You forgetful guy,
we miss you
Come home, stranger,
your country calls you
Come home, stranger, your
country calls you
Glory to Goddess Lakshmi!
Yes, Lajjo. I got here safely.
OK, I'll hang up.
What's so funny this morning,
Chutki?
For the past 20 years, Dad's gone
to the same place.
But every day you phone and ask:
"Did you get there safely?"
You wouldn't understand.
It's a habit.
Miss Lucy is right.
"If you can't change your habits,
soon they'll become needs."
More philosophy? Why can't you
talk like a 12-year-old?
Why talk like a grown up?
Oh, Mom! Childhood and youth
mean nothing.
A person's age depends entirely
on how they feel inside.
All right, I give up.
Go to school and pick
Miss Lucy's brain instead.
- Ok?
- Ok, Mom.
Why do you forget to eat
your almonds?
What can I do? It's a habit.
Bye, Mom.
Simran!
For the first time in 18 years
a complete stranger
has come
into my thoughts
That's my diary.
Only I can read it.
It's so interesting.
Let me read it.
No way, it's private.
Private? For me, too?
When a girl grows up, she becomes
her mother's friend, too.
You won't tell anyone?
Never.
- Promise?
- Yes, promise.
I'll read and you listen.
Alright.
For the first time in 18 years
a complete stranger comes
into my thoughts.
A shadow flutters past my eyes.
Someone taps at my heart's door.
His dark deep eyes ask me
to surrender.
The lines on my palm
turn into his face.
His silken breath
caresses my cheeks.
The scent of his hands
lingers in my hair.
Yes. For the first time in 18 years
a complete stranger
comes into my thoughts.
Simi, I didn't know you were
such a good poet.
The boy sounds wonderful.
Who is he?
Unknown. Unseen.
You mean he doesn't exist?
If you ask me, you can't
find such boys.
You're crazy. You don't even know
him, and you dream of him?
No, Ma. This isn't a dream.
I know I've never met him
or seen him.
But he does exist... somewhere.
The one who comes into my dreams
Taunts me with his presence
Tell him to come before me
The one who comes
into my dreams
Taunts me with his presence
Tell him to come before me
The one who comes
into my dreams
What does he look like?
Where he is now?
My lips say yes to him
Is he known to me
or is he a stranger?
Is he real or a figment of my
imagination?
He looks at me from afar
Tell him not to steal the sleep
from my eyes
The one who comes into my dreams
Taunts me with his presence
Tell him to come before me
The one who comes
into my dreams
I feel a spell sweep over me
What can I do?
My heart quickens
My heart says it's crazy
about you
Why does he hide from me?
Mistakenly he brought me
flowers
Tell him to bring me
the moon instead
The one who comes
into my dreams
Taunts me with his presence
The one who comes
into my dreams
Taunts me with his presence
Tell him to come before me
Party all night, never sleep.
How can you wake up,
if you never sleep?
You're late for the graduation
ceremony. Hurry.
Is it a holiday?
Fancy being late for graduation,
Raj!
No choice. Last night...
What's with him?
Has he been drinking?
Apparently someone's failed,
It'll be announced in public.
- Best of luck.
- Oh, God!
Listen, best of luck.
And for the first time in the history
of this university
we have a failure.
Raj Malhotra.
I'm proud of you, my son.
I'm really proud of you!
Son, you've brought honor to me,
Dharam Veer Malhotra.
You didn't hear it right, Pops.
I knew you'd make my name shine.
The whole family is proud
of you today.
See how they smile on you.
Your great-grandfather, Diwan Brijnath,
never went to school.
My grandfather, Diwan Dwarkanath,
failed fourth grade.
My father, Diwan Pushkarnath,
failed eighth grade.
And I, your father,
failed matriculation.
Failing is a tradition
in our family.
Glad you respect this tradition.
But you did even better.
We all failed in India.
You failed in London.
Pops, are you really happy?
Happy? I'm delighted.
Studying is pointless.
Doesn't fill your pockets.
Take me. I was illiterate
when I left Bhatinda.
Now I'm a London millionaire.
- Yo, Pops.
- Thank you.
Everything happens for the best.
Tomorrow you can start
at the office.
- The office, Pops?
- Today, if you like.
- Not tomorrow either.
- Why not?
Pops! You're a man of experience.
You know how hard it is to fail.
I've been working so hard at it,
I need rest.
Say a long holiday
in Europe. Cheers!
- A holiday. How long?
- A month or so.
A month or so? Hold this
and turn around.
- Surprise present, Pops?
- Yes, surprise.
Moron! Is this what I deserve?
Don't break that.
You OK, Pops?
You're right, Pops. I should
take care of your business.
- You're getting old now.
- The hell I am!
Exactly, Pops.
- Continue...
- Yes.
I've decided. No Europe. I'll start
work tomorrow.
In this house only your father
makes decisions.
I've made up my mind.
You'll go to Europe.
No, Pops. I've had it too easy.
My days of youth are over.
Never say they're over.
I've slogged all my life so you
could do...
whatever I couldn't.
I never knew when my youth
came or went.
But I didn't mind. I knew my son
would enjoy youth for me.
If you think you've had
enough fun
and the days of youth
are behind you, never mind.
Go to Europe. Live my youth
for me.
Pops...
you'e the greatest.
- You are also ok.
- Thank you.
- Shut up.
- Sorry.
I love you.
Thank you.
Ajit's letter!
Lajjo! Look what's here.
A letter from my friend.
- Alright.
- From Ajit.
Go on, smell it.
The fragrance of Punjab!
It indeed is.
The smell of mustard spinach
and cornbread.
Long kurtas, short pants.
- Cornbread, mustard spinach!
- Oh, God!
My dear friend Baldev,
we are all well.
We pray to God that you and
your family are well too.
You'll be pleased to hear
my son Kuljit has got his BA.
He is now working with me.
The time has come for our
friendship to turn to kinship.
The promise we made 20 years ago
must be fulfilled now.
You must come home so Kuljit
and Simran can be married...
Go on.
She's feeling shy.
See, Lajjo? That's our upbringing.
Our culture.
My daughter still feels shy
in front of her father.
This means I haven't failed
to keep the soul of India
alive while in London.
Our daughter is engaged. Don't just
stand there. Let's celebrate.
- Chutki, I'm so happy.
- Can I say one thing?
Not one, you can say four.
Shouldn't you consult Simran?
She's known since childhood
she was engaged to Kuljit.
She may have known, but
after all these years...
Don't you worry.
Simran will be so happy.
You'll have to cast off the evil eye.
I'll write to Ajit tomorrow.
Oh, Lord! The day has
finally come.
What are you doing, Simran?
I forgot, Ma. I have no right
to dream.
No, child. Dream away.
You must dream.
Just don't count on
dreams coming true.
Who knows? Kuljit may be
your dream.
I've booked the tickets and you're
coming to Europe with me.
- I can't.
- Shut up!
Father won't let me out alone.
Think he'll let me go to Europe
for a month? It's just impossible.
Daddy won't let me.
I have lots of work.
Have you learned nothing from me?
Can't you make an excuse? Idiot!
I could make an excuse.
But I don't want to lie to Dad.
I don't care.
Dolly and Payal are coming, too.
There's no way out, you have
to come.
- OK, I'll talk to Ma tonight
- Ok.
Europe?
- With friends?
- Yes.
- For a month?
Very good.
Chutki, call the doctor. Tell him
our Simran has gone mad.
Mom...
Look at this.
Crazy! You talk of going to Europe?
If your father hears, he'll tear
the house down.
Girls shouldn't travel alone.
Mom! I won't be alone. My girlfriends
are going, too.
No point talking to me.
Even if I agreed...
it's your father who decides.
Ask him tonight.
God, please put father
in a good mood.
Uncle, can I have some beer?
Sorry, it's closing time.
Come tomorrow.
Come on Uncle, it's just beer.
It's over there.
Didn't I say that the store
is closed? Out you go.
- Ok... - Relax, take it easy.
- Out! ... - Idiot!
- Got the beer?
- No.
- You couldn't even do that?
- Uncle is the jumpy type.
- I'll go.
- You won't get it...
...Duffer!
Excuse me, sir.
Yes.
- Can I buy some aspirin?
- We're closed.
Sir, please.
Sir, I have a splitting
headache. My sinuses.
I'll faint without an aspirin.
All the shops are closed.
One aspirin.
Only an Indian can help
another Indian.
Glory to the Goddess!
- Here you go.
- Thank you, very much, sir. Here.
Sir, I feel terrible to make you
open the store just for this...
No, no, sir! Please.
Can I buy something else? Please!
I love...
I'll take the beer.
It's not for me. But my mates
outside, they drink.
- Thank you, sir.
- Put it down.
Why, sir?
Stop play-acting.
Leave that alone.
Don't get angry.
You benefit.
- Put it down, or I'll...
- Wait. No umbrellas! Control yourself.
Here's an extra pound.
Take two. OK?
You shameless boy! Do you call
yourself an Indian?
People like you give India
a bad name. You liar!
Get out of here! Out!
OK, I'll go. I'll just take this...
Keep the change. Thank you, Uncle.
Bye, good night, see you.
Rocky, get the car.
- Run, run! Start the car!
- Catch
Let's go! Let's get out of here!
Father!
What's wrong? You're late today.
Some insolent, shameless fellow.
Calling himself an Indian.
A disgrace to our country.
Scoundrels like him should
drown.
No shame, no manners.
No respect for their elders.
You fought with someone?
Some shameless fellow
wanted to buy beer.
I said the store was closed
but he ran off with it.
He even broke the statue
of Lakshmi. The rascal!
You should be glad you and our
daughters aren't anglicized.
Then they'd be neither one thing,
nor the other.
Forget those horrible people.
Miss Lucy is right.
"Never sail in stormy weather,
or you might drown."
Sorry.
Victory to Vishnu,
Lord of the Universe.
He who takes away all sorrow from
His devotees.
When we came here, you were
that little. Now look at you.
They say when a daughter grows up,
her father's shoulders droop.
But with a daughter like you
my shoulders do not droop,
but my chest swells with pride.
My beautiful daughter.
- May I ask you something?
- Ask anything you want, child.
Father, I'd like to see Europe.
I can get a month's Eurail pass.
All my friends are going.
Don't be angry, Father.
I have never disobeyed you.
I'm soon going to a country
I've never seen.
To marry a man
I've never met.
But I'm not complaining.
I know you want what's
best for me.
But, Father, I'll never get
another chance like this.
I may not come back from India.
I may never see my friends again.
It's only a month, Father.
In that month, I could live
an entire life.
To make me happy
can't you spare me a month
of my own life?
Please, Father. Give me one month.
Go. Live your life.
Thank you, Dad!
My child.
Where's Simran?
- She's never late.
- That's true.
I hope she didn't slip
in the bathroom.
Shut up!
Didn't I tell you to wake Raj?
Well, did you?
Shit!
Open the door, darling.
Open sesame!
Do you have the key?
Just joking.
I'll try again.
Hello! Anyone there?
Anyone in?
No one at home. Hi!
Excuse me.
I thought so.
You and me locked
in a compartment.
Haven't I... seen you before?
At Robbie's party!
- I don't go to parties.
- Good. Me neither.
I don't like them at all.
You know, your eyes...
What about them?
- They remind me of someone.
- Who?
My grandmother.
Your eyes are a little blue,
a little yellow. Just like hers.
Please leave me alone.
Ok, I don't mind. I mean,
it's all right with me.
Keep reading. I was wondering
how you can read upside down.
Very interesting style!
That's enough.
Simran, you're here!
- I thought you'd missed the train.
- No, I got on.
I was worried.
- What's your name?
- Sheena.
Sheena, I'm here.
- Let's go.
- What's the hurry?
Allow me.
- Bye.
I hate girls.
Pump it up. You can do
better than that.
- Where were you, Raj?
- As usual, a girl stopped me.
I helped her onto the train,
and she fell in love with me.
He was so boring.
He sees me alone and starts
flirting. "I've seen you somewhere."
She came closer and closer.
I got scared. Such a tiny place,
just her and me. No escape.
She got lost in my eyes.
He went on and on about my eyes.
I tell you, boys today!
Girls today! I saved my honor
and ran.
- What's that?
- A party invite.
Eurail cordially invites you to
dinner and dancing in Paris.
In Paris, wow!
There'll be singing, there'll be
music, there'll be dancing.
And boys!
Oh, God! This party is so boring.
I told you this party
would be boring.
You also said the train
would crash.
There'd be a fire
and we'd all die.
Look! Boys.
Oh, God. It's that guy!
He's so cute!
Where the hell are we?
Your big idea!
Is she calling us, or the waiter?
No, me. Rocky, stop gawking.
Why call him?
Come on, Simran, grow up.
- Why don't you join us?
- No, actually...
Sure.
You know, Sheena? I've a feeling
I've seen you somewhere.
- Me? Where's that?
- At Robbie's party.
Maybe. I go to so many parties.
- Know something?
- What?
Your eyes remind me of someone.
My eyes, really?
- Who?
- My grandmother.
- Oh! How sweet.
- Thank you.
This music is so boring.
Yeah, I don't know whether
she's singing or crying.
- I play the piano much better.
- You play the piano?
I love the piano.
I was born on a piano.
I've been playing since
I was a kid.
- Really?
- Yeah.
I have a strange magic
in my fingers.
When they land on the keyboard,
the piano plays of its own accord.
Lovely fingers.
- Thank you.
- May I?
Ladies and gentlemen, may I
have your attention please?
That voice sounds familiar.
We have amongst us tonight
a very great piano player.
And he would like to play
something for us.
Please welcome... Mr. Raj.
Thank you.
You shouldn't have done that.
Why? Your fingers have magic.
When they land on the keyboard,
the piano plays of its own accord.
Best of luck!
I hate girls.
Stop, my crazy heart!
Let me first find out
Is she a woman
or is she magic?
A fine perfume or
pure intoxication?
If she comes near,
let me touch her and see
When she looks this way,
smiling unknowingly
I stand here clutching
my heart
A faraway look
in her eyes
Many complaints on her lips
Do I have a chance with her?
Shall I try my luck?
Stop, my crazy heart!
Let me first find out
You're not the only
pretty girl around
So why do you turn your back
on me?
The girl my heart has fallen for
is a friend of yours.
If she says the word,
I'll take her into my arms
Stop, my crazy heart!
Let me first find out
You're not the only
pretty girl around
So why do you turn your back
on me?
I'm very sorry about last night.
I really misbehaved with you.
I am sorry.
I am really very sorry.
- It's ok.
- Thank you.
- Can I say one more thing?
- What?
- This one?
- It's very good.
- All right and this one?
- Very good.
- Ok, and this one?
- How much is this cowbell?
- 18 francs.
Excuse me, I came here before her.
I'll buy first.
- I'll take this one. How much?
- 12 francs.
- Hurry, we'll miss the train
- Where's my money?
- Here they are...
- Hurry up.
I don't understand
the local money.
Just a minute. How much is that?
2, 4, 8?
I don't know, keep the change.
- Do you want this knife?
- No.
The train is gone?
Senorita, don't cry.
Good girl, Thank you.
You've gone quiet.
It's raining. Don't cry.
Aren't I here?
OK! I'm gone!
Excuse me, when is the next train
to Zurich?
The next train to Zurich will leave
at 8:00 in the evening.
The next train is not for hours.
So we'll catch a train from Zurich.
Or we could take a bus
or rent a car.
Which would you prefer? A bus
or car? Where is she?
You've been a pest from
the moment we met.
What?
Getting on my nerves
from the start.
You invite endless trouble.
Now we've missed the train,
thanks to you.
I want to get to Zurich
in one piece.
So I suggest you go your way
and I'll go my way.
Ok? Thank you.
We're heading for the same place,
catching the same train.
So why split up now?
Senorita, you really need a guy
like me.
You're wrong there. A girl like me
doesn't need a guy like you.
Now please, stop following me.
Keep your distance.
I have a needle and thread.
I'll buy you a new dress.
- I am sorry, Senorita.
- Go!
- Hello.
Can I see your passport, please?
I don't have my passport.
I kind of left it behind on the train.
No, you don't understand,
I was on a train.
I missed my train.
I was on Eurorail, Paris, Rome.
You have to come with us
to the station.
- Please sit inside.
- You don't understand.
I was on a train, I missed my train.
It's not my fault.
My passport, my luggage, everything
is left over there. What can I do?
It's not my fault!
Oh, darling! My sweetheart!
My honey, my sugar, my baby!
I missed yous so much!
Thank you, officer.
Passport. I'm Raj Malhotra,
she's Mrs. Raj Malhotra.
What a pain!
Thank you very much.
My baby.
Don't you dare!
What the bloody hell do you think
of yourself anyway?
I told you not to follow me.
Who do you think you are?
Shut up!
I wasn't following you.
I have no wish to touch you either.
You should be grateful I came
or you'd be in jail.
Why bother?
Hey, take her away!
I am sorry.
What... What did you say?
I said too much in anger.
Never mind, Senorita.
In big countries such
small things do happen.
What do you keep calling me
"Senorita"?
My first girlfriend was Spanish.
Why did you leave her?
She didn't like Indians.
You like Indians? Right?
When do we get to Zurich?
What's in Zurich?
This is the real Europe.
So splendid, so beautiful.
I fear it might get spoiled
one day.
- Is this your first visit?
- Yes.
Good, very good.
Will you step on it?
What's the hurry? The train leaves
at 11:30 tomorrow morning.
We have a whole night and
half a day. Why worry?
Relax, Senorita.
It was meant to happen. You're
with me, nothing can go wrong.
Europe looks even better
by foot.
There are four in the family.
Chutki is a bit precocious.
Ma is more like a friend than mother.
So I didn't need friends.
You can't spend your life
with friends.
One day you'll need a companion
who'll walk by your side
all your life.
- Can't walk any more.
- Want me to carry you?
I don't have money for a hotel.
We'll go to that house and ask
if we can stay. Come on.
So we can move in now?
Thank you very much.
Found a place for the night.
Wow! What a beautiful room.
Where's your room?
The situation is, Senorita...
there's only one room.
Were you hoping we'd spend
the night together?
We have no choice.
I do. I'm not staying here.
You sleep on the bed, I'll sleep
on the sofa. No problem.
No way. I'm off.
Ok, bye.
I'm not joking. I'm off.
You mean I can have
the whole bed?
Good and goodbye.
- Ok, bye.
- Bye.
Wow! What a beautiful room.
Isn't it nice and clean?
Beautiful curtains!
Gorgeous. See?
And the view!
No horses?
Isn't it cosy here?
Oh, you've lit the fire!
Simran, I must admit you have
impeccable taste.
Can't think of a better place
to spend the night. Right?
We had a perfectly good room.
But you'd rather sleep in a stable,
than stay with me.
Oh, God. I hate girls.
Have your dinner.
Not hungry.
OK, don't eat.
What's it to me?
Here. Eat it.
I told you, I'm not hungry.
Come on, eat it.
I am sorry.
What did you say?
I said too much in anger.
It's ok.
In big countries such
small things do happen.
You had the right idea, Senorita.
This barn is more exciting
than that room.
How will we get to Zurich?
Forget Zurich. Tomorrow night
we'll get the train from Bern.
We'll catch the 8 a.m. bus.
I have it all sorted.
You don't worry at all.
From now on, nothing can go wrong.
Nothing.
- What's that?
- Life!
Cognac? Aren't you ashamed to
drink in front of a girl?
Better than dying in front of
a girl.
And if you want to stay alive,
you'd better drink too.
Keep away.
Alright, don't drink.
See you tomorrow morning, if
you're still alive. Until then...
Good night.
- Let me sway a little.
- Oh, no!
- Let me spin around.
- Let's give you a kiss.
- Oh, no!
Watch me fly
Like the wind
Oh, my God!
Save me.
The cold breeze
Sets my body on fire
I'm in the mood to make you
my sweetheart
This has never happened before
I have never behaved like this
Watch me fly like the wind
Oh, my God!
Save me!
- Let me dance a bit.
- No, no no!
- Let me stroll a bit.
- Let me kiss you.
- No! Not at all!
Where are you going?
My little darling
You're a gorgeous girl.
And I'm a young man
Let me hug you
Let me hide you in my eyes
I feel drunk already
Oh, my God!
Save me!
- Let me sway a little.
- Oh, no!
- Let me spin around.
- Let's give you a kiss.
- Oh, no!
Now, I'm...
intoxicated!
Oh, God of mine
Save me
Good morning.
You look even prettier
in the morning.
How did I get here?
With me, last night.
I don't think you've
ever drunk before.
You had a bit too much.
Here.
What happened last night, Raj?
Last night...
It was meant to happen, Simran.
But I never thought it would
happen like this.
Tell me the truth.
What happened?
How can I tell you, Simran?
Look into my eyes. Aren't they
telling the truth?
No. It can't be.
- It's not true.
- But it is, it is true.
We can't change what happened.
Lying. You're lying. Right?
- No, Simran.
- Please tell me.
Alright, I'm lying.
My eyes are lying. But are these
love bites lying, too?
Tell me, Simran.
Aren't they yours?
Don't cry, Simran. I was joking.
Here, look. I used your lipstick.
You drank too much Cognac.
I had to bring you here.
I had no choice, I swear.
You slept alone in the bed.
Please, I was joking.
Listen to me, Simran.
I know what you think of me.
You think I'm a good-for-nothing
rascal.
But I'm not that despicable.
I'm an Indian man.
And I know what honor means
to an Indian woman.
I wouldn't take advantage of you,
not in my wildest dreams.
Please believe me,
I'm telling you the truth.
Nothing happened last night.
It was only a joke.
Believe me.
Don't joke like that. I don't know
what I would've done.
Never joke like that again.
I am sorry.
I'll never do it again,
I promise... I'm sorry.
Hurry, get dressed.
We have a bus to catch.
Can I have my shirt back?
The bus leaves in ten minutes.
Want something to eat?
No, I'm not hungry.
Wow! What a beautiful church.
Let's take a look.
Who wants to look
inside a church?
Come on, Raj. It's so beautiful.
Yes. It's really beautiful.
You go and look.
- What?
- We'll miss our bus.
- Shall we go?
- Let's have tea first.
What did you pray for?
I don't tell what I ask God.
You're sure He'll grant your
wishes?
I am sure the pure get what
they ask for.
You go ahead. I'll join you.
- What's wrong?
- Go! I'm coming.
Hi, I'm Raj.
I'm sorry I don't know
any prayers.
I don't want anything for myself.
I'm very happy.
But the girl who was here,
Simran...
She's lovely. Goodness itself.
Whatever she wants,
please give it to her.
Please. Thank you.
Where were you?
In the church?
Half a sugar, a drop of milk
and a little cream.
- Your coffee.
- Thank you.
Want a postcard to send home?
If Pops gets a postcard, he'll think
I've died and gone to heaven.
Are you ever serious?
Never. And if I ever am,
it'll be just one time.
- When will that be?
- When I fall in love with someone.
Don't tell me a guy like you
has never been in love.
I've had lots of affairs. But love?
Never.
Didn't find the right girl.
What kind of girl do you want?
Shall I tell you?
The moment I see that girl...
she'll awaken my every
dream and desire.
How sweet.
It's never happened.
But I feel someone I've never
seen or met
calls me from behind the clouds.
Who knows when the clouds
will part...
or when she will appear before me.
Has that ever happened to you?
Has a complete stranger ever crept
into your thoughts?
I've no room in my thoughts
for a stranger.
My marriage has been arranged.
Your marriage has been arranged?
Congratulations!
Where does the groom live?
London?
No, in India.
What does he look like?
Tall? Dark? Handsome...?
Don't know. I've never met him.
You've never met the man
you're going to marry?
I don't need to.
Father has met him. He's a
family friend's son.
You're willing to spend
the rest of your life...
with a man you've never met?
A man who is a complete
stranger?
It's the tradition of our family.
Are you happy about the decision?
The train is here.
This is nice.
Yeah, this is also good.
I like this one.
Simran, lovely photographs.
Send me copies of the pictures.
And your wedding photos.
- Aren't you coming?
- Not all that way.
- Sheena, you must.
- I'll be there. I was joking.
I must meet your husband to see
which idiot you're marrying.
Excuse me.
This fell.
I'll be right back.
Why are you looking at me
like that?
There's something I want
to tell you, Simran.
Go ahead.
I've fallen in love with you.
I love you, Simran.
Look at your face.
You thought I was telling
the truth.
You're amazing, Simran.
You still haven't figured me out.
Remember I told you
I've never been serious.
- Just look at your face.
- You're just too much.
This love business isn't for me.
How can a man spend his entire
life with the same girl?
There are so many pretty girls
in this world.
Some have great eyes, others
have great lips, great hair...
...You men are all the same.
That's me all over.
But you've outsmarted me.
You can spend the rest
of your life with a man
whose face you've never
even seen.
Bravo! That's true love.
Well, never mind.
But what if you fell in love
with someone else?
Imagine you met someone
on this holiday
and fell in love with him.
Anyone, say me. What if
we fell for each other.
What would you do then?
Would you still go back and
marry that total stranger?
Or would you have the guts
to love me?
What would you do?
I don't want to miss
the train again.
I want us to miss it always.
What?
Nothing.
Raj, if she loves you,
she'll turn around and look.
Turn around.
Turn.
Bye, Ponchi. I'll give you a call.
See you, Rocky. I'll call you.
Bye, Sheena.
This is it.
Back in London.
How the month flew by!
Thank you for everything.
- It's all right.
- Friends?
- Thanks, see you.
- Bye.
Raj, you didn't give me
your address.
I'll send you a wedding invite.
Will you come?
No, I won't come.
I don't know what has
come over my heart
I had it here with me
Now it's gone missing
I don't know what has
come over my heart
I had it here with me
Now it's gone missing
I don't know what has
come over my heart
I had it here with me.
Now it's gone missing
Oh, darling, you've fallen in love
Deny it a hundred times
if you must
Sweet love, this is what
love is all about
You didn't turn around
and look at me
I waited for a while
I felt like stopping you
from leaving
but you were already gone
What is happening?
I don't know
Why is my heart
so crazed?
Oh, darling, you've fallen in love
Deny it a hundred times
if you must
Oh time, slow down, stay awhile
Go back to days gone past
The place where I left my heart
is far behind me now
- Where am I?
- Where are you?
- What is this...
- ... Magic?
Oh, darling, you've fallen in love
Deny it a hundred times
if you must
Sweet love, this is what
love is about
What has come over my heart?
I had it here with me
Now it's gone missing
Ma, remember that dream
in my diary?
The face I saw in the palm
of my hand?
The one I wanted to meet.
I met him, Ma. He came to me.
What? What are you saying?
Yes, Ma. When I left home,
I could see the future clearly.
I wanted to live a lifetime
in a month.
Then go back to my own country
and get married to a total stranger.
I had made peace with destiny, Ma.
How could I have guessed
this would happen?
He entered my life like a storm.
And like a falling leaf
I flew with him.
I once read that love could be
all sorts of things.
But I never understood it.
Not even when he held my hand
for the first time.
I spent so much time with him.
I still didn't get it.
But today at the station when he
was leaving...
I suddenly realized
that I would never see him again.
I kept looking back
as he was walking away.
I wanted to stop him.
Say something.
Hear him.
He didn't stop.
But I understood that's what
love is all about.
Now he is in my every dream.
I don't know whether
he loves me or not.
All I know is that...
he is my life.
I can't belong to someone else.
I love him, Ma. I really...
Oh, you're up!
Simi and I were chatting.
I didn't realize the time.
I asked you not to betray my trust.
I made you promise.
But you deceived me.
No, Father.
I won't hear a word!
Pack your bags. We're leaving
for India tomorrow.
For good.
Let her cry.
She gave her fate those tears.
She'll learn how to stop them.
Let her cry.
Good evening.
Beer?
- What's the girl's name?
- Simran.
What girl, Pops?
The one you're looking for
in the face of the moon.
You know me, I never fall
for one girl.
Oh, I forgot. Some have great lips
others have great eyes.
- Exactly...
- ...Exactly.
- Where does she live?
- Who, Pops?
Simran.
I don't know.
What's she like?
Very lovely.
What's the problem?
The problem is... she's about
to be married.
We'll stop the wedding.
Your time was different.
Times have changed.
Love is still called love.
Some things never change.
No, Pops. It's too late now.
She'll soon belong to another.
A bride belongs to the man
who brings her home.
I didn't father you to strum
your banjo.
We folk don't stare at the moon,
we bring the moon home.
Now go. Don't come back till
you bring your bride home.
Good!
They've moved out.
Their daughter's marrying. They're
resettling in Punjab.
I'm coming, Simran.
I'm coming.
Come home, now.
We wait for you
You can hear the girls' anklets
chime at the riverbank for you
Mustard sways in the fields.
Another year has passed
Come home to me. I wait for you
Come home, oh stranger.
Your country calls you
Bless me, Mother.
No, Mother. No.
Son,
I have held these tears back
for 20 years.
They won't be stopped today.
My darling Simran.
My sweet little doll.
- How are you?
- Same as ever.
Now you're the bride's aunt,
find yourself a groom.
I've tried for years, but there's
no one worthy.
I think a handsome foreigner
has to come for me.
You haven't changed a bit.
You made us wait for ages.
Better late than never.
My dear wife, will you excuse us?
Guess who she is.
You don't recognize her?
She's my daughter, Preeti,
Kuljit's sister.
May you live long!
Amazing. 20 years and she's all
grown up. She's gorgeous.
- Like her father.
- Come off it!
Where is Kuljit?
- Yes, where is he?
He went hunting.
He'll be back soon.
- My respects.
- May you live long.
- He's a real Punjabi lad.
- Like his father.
Come and have breakfast.
Let's go. Come.
This is for you,
this is for you...
- Will you show me around?
- Yes, Sister.
Children, grandma wants you
downstairs.
You know something, Simi?
When I was young, your
grandfather used to say
there's no difference between
a man and a woman.
They both have equal rights.
I grew up believing
this was true.
But as I grew older, I realized
what a big lie that was.
I had to give up my studies.
My brothers' education
was more important.
That was my first sacrifice.
The sacrifices never ended.
First as a daughter, then as a sister.
Then as a wife. My choices ended.
But when you were born...
and I held you for the
first time
I made myself a promise.
My daughter would never suffer
what I suffered.
She would not make sacrifices
at every stage in life.
So what if she is a girl?
She will live her life
as she pleases.
She'll have her share of happiness.
But I was wrong, Simran.
I forgot women have no right
to make promises either.
They're born to sacrifice
themselves for men.
But men don't sacrifice anything
for women. Nor will they.
This is why today, your mother
asks you to find happiness.
Forget him, my daughter.
Forget him.
Your father won't understand.
your tears.
I beg you. Keep peace
in this house.
Forget him, child.
Forget him.
You're right, Ma.
I'm so naive.
I don't even know if
he loves me or not.
I know my father would
only think of my happiness.
Can't I make a little sacrifice
so he's happy?
Go, Ma.
Tell Father I'm ready
to get married.
I will not make any trouble.
Lucky man, Kuljit! Your girl is
an eye-grabber.
Forget Kuljit's girl.
I'm the lucky man.
Chukti, you're so cute.
Excuse me, I am not a baby.
My name is Miss Rajeshwari Singh.
She's pretty sassy.
What about her sister?
Let me get married first.
Then I'll tell you.
Listen to me.
The engagement is in two days.
The wedding on the 25th.
Let's have some sweets.
Here comes the kheer!
Something is troubling me,
Baldev.
I don't know why,
but in Simran's eyes
I see sadness.
She doesn't laugh with
an open heart.
Is everything all right?
Don't worry, Mother.
It's a new place, new people.
A different climate.
She'll be fine in a few days.
Don't worry about it.
Have some kheer.
Hasn't Simran forgotten him yet?
She's agreed to the marriage.
She'll forget everything
bit by bit.
If she keeps thinking of him,
she'll regret it.
When I saw you I knew
my beloved
Love is a crazy thing
When I saw you I knew,
my beloved
Love is a crazy thing
When I saw you I knew,
my beloved
Love is a crazy thing
Where do we go from here?
I could just die in your arms
When I saw you I knew,
my beloved
Love is a crazy thing
Where do we go from here?
I could just die in your arms
When I saw you I knew,
my beloved
These eyes of mine
dream of you
This heart of mine
longs only for you
There's nothing I can call my own,
it all belongs to you
My very life is yours
Your tears fill my eyes
Sadness breaks into a smile
When I saw you I knew,
my beloved
Love is a crazy thing
Where do we go from here?
I could just die in your arms
When I saw you I knew,
my beloved
This heart of mine finds
happiness nowhere
What can I say?
What can I do?
Sit right here, in front of me
So I can keep looking at you
You called me. See, here I am
Is there a bigger oath
than love?
When I saw you I knew,
my beloved
Love is a crazy thing
When I saw you I knew,
my beloved
Love is a crazy thing
Where do we go from here?
I could just die in your arms
Take me away from here, Raj.
What?
You don't know what's going on.
I'm getting engaged in two days,
and married in two weeks.
The arrangements are made.
My father gave his friend his word,
and his word is his life.
He'd do anything, but could never
go back on his word.
We have to run away, Raj.
No, Simran. I didn't come here
to run away with you.
I may have been born in
England, but I'm Indian.
I came here to make you
my bride.
I'll only take you away
when your father gives
your hand to me.
You don't know my father, Raj.
We have to run away, Raj.
Please! Take me away.
- Do you love me?
- More than anything.
- Do you trust me?
- More than myself.
So listen to me carefully.
From today we're strangers. I don't
know you, you don't know me.
Go home. Let things go as planned.
Leave the rest to me.
I know what I'm trying isn't easy.
But I have complete faith
in our love.
But, Simran, I cannot walk
this path alone.
You must be my strength
and walk by my side.
Will you stand by me?
Remember one thing.
I came here for you.
Until you belong to me forever,
I won't leave.
What's the name of the man
you're marrying?
Kuljit Singh.
Help!
Anyone there?
Help me.
Where is everyone?
Help!
If Raj hadn't saved me, the hunter
would have become the hunted.
Come on.
- You've won me over, Raj
- What are you saying?
Are you new here?
Never seen you before.
I'm from London. Cheers!
A guest from abroad.
What brings you here?
I need to achieve something.
What? Tell us.
Some land.
I want to buy some land
and build a factory.
What kind of factory?
A beer factory. Stroh's Beer.
Everybody, cheers!
Kuljit, is 10 million pounds
enough to buy a factory?
- What's wrong?
- 10 million pounds?
Not enough? I could get more.
No, pal. That's a lot.
More than enough.
Oh, thank God! You're so nice.
God works miracles like
introducing you to me.
- We'll get along well, superbly....
- Sure. Of course.
You want to build a factory?
It's done.
Done, my friend!
Thank you.
Raj...
Where are you staying?
I don't know a soul here. So I'm
staying at the Circuit House.
Like hell you are!
Now you know someone.
I've a huge house and you're staying
at a guest house? No way!
Binda, bring his luggage over.
- It's not...
- I won't hear another word.
You saved my life, Kuljit's life.
It's the least I can do.
I know you're a London big shot,
but I'm a lion from Punjab.
We'll have a riot.
If you insist, I'll do
as you please.
- That's more like it.
- Meet young ladies?
We'll have a blast!
Aren't you going?
Hurry, on the double.
And get some Black Label.
We'll have some Scotch whisky.
- Cheers.
- Pass me the lighter.
We're deeply indebted to you
for saving Kuljit's life.
- No, Maaji. It was my duty.
- May you live long, son.
Preeti, some sweets for Raj.
Thank you.
That's enough.
10 million pounds?
Why didn't you say so?
Raj, my son!
- Give him the sweets!
- I have some already.
Have some from me.
That's it! You want to build
a factory? We'll get it done.
Get ready for a party
at Baldev's.
- Baldev?
- A dear friend of mine.
Kuljit is marrying his daughter.
- What will I do there?
- He's right. What will he do?
- But if you insist...
- That's my boy!
But Baldev is an English type.
We can't be late.
That's my boy!
Come on. We're always late
because of you.
Kuljit, I need to talk to you.
- Don't worry, you'll be fine.
- Sure, no problem.
I'll have them all. Thank you
Welcome.
My respects, Father-in-law.
Congratulations!
Listen.
The mean shopkeeper.
Hello, how are you?
- I've seen you before.
- Me? I never leave the house.
London? I never got beyond
Ludhiana or the Punjab border.
This is my friend Raj,
just arrived from London.
Oh, here you are, Raj! He saved my
Kuljit's life.
Know who he is? My dearest
and oldest friend, and my in-law.
Don't stare! Pay your respects.
The doctor is waiting to meet you.
The doctor is a gem.
The old geezer has an
amazing memory.
- What happened?
- Nothing.
Amazing! This old mansion
is amazing. Let's go.
This is my friend Raj.
He's from London, too.
And this is Simran...
Hello, Simran.
You know, if it wasn't for him,
today we may not...
What are you saying?
Where in London do you stay, Mr. Raj?
Tell her.
- I live in Hampstead, miss...
- Miss Rajeshwari.
I'm very pleased to meet you,
Miss Rajeshwari.
- What's this?
- A small gift for a small bride.
This is so sweet.
Thank you, Mr. Raj.
You're most welcome Miss Rajeshwari.
The people that I like usually
call me Chutki.
Ok, Chutki.
And the people I like
may call me Raj. Just Raj.
- Alright, Raj.
- Alright.
This is my British friend, Raj.
- I told you about him.
- Bless you, son.
- Have some.
- Thank you, Maaji.
Allow me, Maaji. I'll pass it round.
You're from the groom's side.
You're our guest.
You're amazing, Maaji.
First you call me son, now you
treat me as an outsider.
I made the lassi with my own
hands for all the aunties.
I love your sari.
After you.
No! Let the young people do that.
That's what I say, but who listens?
- They dump all the work on me.
- That's what I say.
- Who are you?
- Me? I'm Raj.
Raj! Raj who?
Your future son-in-law.
Your future son-in-law's
close friend.
Sweet boy! Put it over there.
Sweetheart!
Today is a lucky day.
I saw Simran laugh
for the first time.
You're right, Mother.
Simran is looking very happy
today. Congratulations.
Sir, beer?
Lassi? This is a lassi, sir...
Sweet lassi? No? Plain, then.
Raj, you won't make it.
Book your ticket home.
English boy! Get up.
Aren't you coming? Hunting?
Come off it, Raj. Get up!
I'm ill. I have a fever.
I was so cold last night, I went
to bed with my shoes on.
- You have only one shoe on.
- That's my cold foot.
I'm very sorry I can't go hunting
with you.
Don't worry. You British
are so feeble.
I'll send some medicine.
You'll be better by tonight.
We're having fowl tonight.
Don't worry, you'll be alright.
- Best of luck.
- Thank you.
Idiot.
Raj, now you better start.
- What's all this?
- Keep moving.
Something amazing happened.
I happened to bump into Father's
childhood friend.
He gave me all this.
Here, let me hold it.
But what can I do with all this
wheat and sugar?
You're having a wedding.
Might come in handy.
The bride's family can't
accept presents from you.
Maaji, not again. Decide.
If you call me "son," then you
must treat me as a son.
- How's that?
- No arguing with sons.
- OK, I won't.
- That's more like it.
Now listen to this.
My mother used to say
boys who help out at weddings
marry lovely brides.
Is that why you're helping?
Only the lucky get
a good bride these days.
What's a good bride?
Let's say this.
She must have shades of you.
Don't tick me off. Bless me.
You'll get the bride
of your choice.
- I must be off.
- Open this for me, please.
Of course, I'll...
Don't think about it too much,
just buy it.
You won't find such workmanship
in Delhi or Mumbai.
All the girls will be jealous
of you.
As for the boys...
It's lovely.
It's not that special.
Show me... that one!
Here, that's a beautiful piece.
Just look at it.
It'll make you glow.
Dreadful saris. I want something
special for the wedding.
Look at this one.
I'll lose my reputation if you
don't look good in this.
Made with real gold thread.
You shimmer.
Stop this nonsense.
I don't like it.
I suppose it's not that bad.
I'll keep it.
Pack it. Don't overcharge.
Exhausting, all these saris.
One grain, two grains.
Grain upon grain.
The girl dances on the roof.
The boy is crazy.
- Raj, sing us a song.
- I can't sing.
Don't be coy like a girl. Sing.
Go on, sing.
Please.
If you're in love,
what is there to fear?
Live and die by love.
That's all
You eye one girl
and aim at another
Let it drop
What will you sing now?
The brave of heart will come to
take the bride away
And everyone in the house
will be left gawking
- Simran, listen.
- They're sitting right there. Let go.
- On one condition. A kiss, Senorita.
- You nuts?
Just one kiss.
Ma will see us.
Let her.
- Chutki will see us.
- Let her.
- My aunt will see us.
Her dear father will be
the end of me.
Stop thinking, Baldev.
You can't win.
For the first time in 20 years,
I'll beat you.
That was a good move.
I think I've lost this time.
Brilliant!
- I'll put it back.
- Wait. Let me see.
You are a genius. You're not only
genius you're indigenous.
What's wrong?
You know what's happening
tomorrow?
No. What?
I'm getting engaged to Kuljit.
Oh yes! Congratulations.
Be serious Raj.
Kuljit will make me wear
his ring on this finger.
Know why an engagement ring
is worn on this finger?
Because the veins from this finger
go straight to the heart.
I can only wear your ring, Raj.
Want me to put a ring
on your finger in full view?
No problem.
It's all a joke to you. You don't
know what I'm going through.
Look at me.
I understand your suffering
and impatience. Your tears.
But can't you see?
This is only the beginning.
No one knows me well here.
I need more time, Simran.
And I need you to be strong.
I need your laughter.
No idiot can give you a ring
and take you away from me.
You're mine. Only mine.
Chutki will wake up. Go.
Hurry!
Listen.
Sister?
Can I say something?
I really don't like Kuljit.
Don't marry him.
It's late. Go to sleep.
I like the man on the roof.
Isn't Raj the man you met
in Europe?
I like him a lot. Marry him.
Don't worry. I'll marry him.
I love you, Sister.
Give these almonds to Ramu
to add to the sherbet.
- Where are the flowers?
- You left them by the stairs.
I forgot. How would we
manage without you?
The brave of heart will win
the bride.
Weren't you on the groom's side?
When did you switch sides?
Hey, pal. I'll get married one day,
so I'm practicing. Get it?
- What the hell!
- Dimwit.
What a lucky fellow Kuljit is!
Now for the ring.
Simran, your hand.
What happened?
I cut my fingers when I took
my bangles off.
Never mind.
The other hand, then.
These girls make your head spin
These boys are just street rascals
Paint your hands with henna.
Decorate the bridal palanquin
Fair girl, your beloved
is coming to take you away
Behind the groom's garland
Hide your face
Keep your feelings hidden
in your heart
As your hair flies in the wind,
what is it trying to tell me?
All these unmarried lovers wait,
heart in hand
Hide the girls in the house,
out of modesty
Our village is overrun by
crazy boys from the city
Don't meet their eye.
Protect your modesty
Fair girl, your beloved is coming
to take you away
I'm a young man.
You're a beautiful girl
If my heart skips a beat,
am I to blame?
Hold onto your heart.
Beauty is sheer magic
If it casts its spell,
am I to blame?
Keep an eye out for me.
Leave the door ajar
Fair girl, your beloved is coming
to take you away
Say nothing more.
Do nothing more
Hide your feelings in your heart
My goddess of beauty
My goddess of beauty,
how unaware you are
That you're still beautiful,
and I am young
I could give my life for you,
my love
Paint your hands with henna.
Decorate the bridal palanquin
Father, you were wonderful yesterday.
How you danced!
Outdid them all.
Good, very good.
Just a bit of dirt. It's gone.
Father, aren't there fewer
white doves today?
One, two, three...
No, maybe not.
I've made up my mind.
Today I'll talk to Raj.
Why be embarrassed?
- Raj is here.
- Already?
Raj, my dear boy!
Come and sit down.
Raj, I have something
important to tell you.
Usually this is discussed
with the elders.
But we're so close,
why not talk directly?
I want our friendship
to become kinship.
Why not?
My daughter Preeti...
I want you to marry her.
Raj, old boy, think fast or
you're done for.
Raj, do you have any objections?
How could I?
But I can't decide on my own.
You'll have to talk to Pops.
- Pops?
- My father.
What a good boy he is!
I never do anything
against his wishes.
No problem. Give me his number.
I'll phone him.
Actually, he's gone to America
on business.
- I'll ask him to come here
- Why not?
My country! My soil!
Raj, my son. Here I am!
You can find everything
outside of India.
But not your wife's great cooking.
Or our language and culture.
When you love the Ganges,
how can the Thames move you?
I told Raj, "Come back only
when you're married."
Anyway, what do you do
in London?
- In London?
- Forget London.
My philosophy is "Go East,
go West. Punjab is the best."
Don't worry. All is well.
They're very innocent.
I missed you, my son.
You didn't say your daddy
was here?
A miracle! We were talking about
him and I met him at the bazaar.
He had your photo and was looking
for you.
I knew it!
The Lord wants this marriage.
- My in-law.
- In-law?
Of course! Why do you need me to
approve a good deed?
Have I ever refused you anything?
Let's sweeten your
son-in-law's mouth.
Let them marry at once.
Never delay a good deed.
Terrific!
We'll have a double wedding.
So it's settled!
- Happy?
- Yes, Pops.
Let's celebrate.
My son is happy.
So you're marrying Preeti and
Kuljit is Preeti's brother.
And Kuljit is marrying Simran.
But you love Simran, not Preeti.
- So why was Preeti in London?
- Not Preeti. Simran.
Who's Simran?
- Pops, please stop thinking.
- I need to.
Don't worry. I'm here.
I'll sort things out.
Thank you, Pops.
Just like you've done already.
"Let them marry at once.
Never delay a good deed."
- Pops, why did you come?
- I was missing you, son.
OK, I made a mistake. I'll fix it.
I'll say it's the anniversary of
your mother's death, so no wedding.
- Preeti!
- May I come in?
Of course. You will have
a long life.
Raj and I were just talking
about you.
Milk? For me?
Tomorrow is Karwa Chauth.
Can I fast for my future husband?
- Of course. What's the problem?
- A fast for husbands, Pops.
- Oh, no! Never.
- Why not?
In our family, girls fasting before
marriage brings bad luck.
Besides, we can't discuss
the wedding for a month.
This month is the anniversary of
my wife's death.
It's not the right time.
Let's talk to your father.
Simran!
Raj, do you know what tomorrow is?
What now?
My first Karwa Chauth.
I want you to give me a drop of
water and a morsel of food
so I can break the fast.
- Hands off.
- Why?
I said, "hands off."
If you don't love me, just say so
and I will go away quietly.
Then you can marry Kuljit and I'll
be spared these daily scenes.
- Did I say something wrong?
- No, impossible.
"I want you to give me a drop of
water and a morsel of food
to break the fast."
Are you nuts? I say publicly:
"Hi, Simran. I'm your future
husband. Drink the water."
I'll starve to death.
But I'll only take water
and food from you.
Like father, like daughter.
Mr. Malhotra, you're amazing.
No one would guess you're Indian
judging by your clothes.
Don't be fooled by appearances.
I carry India deep in my heart.
Bravo! Such fine thoughts!
I believe you want to start
a factory here.
The factory is just an excuse.
The truth is I came looking
for a wife for Raj.
All the men are hiding behind
the house.
They say today's women's day.
So we can't disturb them.
Are you fasting too, darling?
May you live long, child.
My son is blessed to have
a bride like you.
Careful, children.
This is Pops. I mean, my father.
- Raj has enchanted us all.
- Like father, like son.
I'll be right back.
- Pops, this is...
- I know.
This can only be Simran.
Beautiful.
Bless you.
- Pops?
- Excellent, fantastic done. Let's go.
Watch where you're going.
The flowers...
I am sorry.
Oh spring! Shower us with flowers
My beloved is here
Kammo, where are the flowers?
Hurry.
Excuse me.
I'm Raj's father, from London.
Born in Bhatinda but lived in
London for years. And you?
- I'm Simran's aunt.
- Impossible!
You look like her sister.
Aren't you fasting?
- I'm not married.
- That's great news.
Your flower.
Perhaps it was meant for you.
You keep it.
Raj, when will the moon rise?
I'm starving.
Starving? I told you not to fast.
Eat, no one's watching.
- Stop it!
- Don't eat.
Hey, Simran. The moon is out.
Look over there.
In her eyes, a prayer
A prayer for her husband's
long life
To see the moon,
I fold my hands in prayer
To break the fast of
Karwa Chauth
When I drink the water you offer,
this devotee will become your queen
Whatever you pray for tonight
will be yours
Oh stranger, come home.
Your country is calling you
What's wrong?
Hurry, some water.
- What's wrong?
- She was a bit dizzy.
Come, child.
- What happened?
- She was just a little dizzy.
Come on, brothers. Let's eat.
She's so delicate, poor thing.
What's wrong?
Are you fasting, too?
- No way.
- Then come along.
It isn't easy for him to come.
They don't let Raj out of their sight.
He won't come. Please, eat.
No. I'd rather starve to death.
Very well, then.
Don't eat. Die.
I am sorry. Hi, Chutki.
Sorry, I'm late. What could I do?
They wouldn't let me go.
It was hell getting away.
Please eat.
Eat, Sister.
I said I'm sorry. Now eat
or you'll faint for real.
Chutki, please tell him
not to worry about me.
When I was dying of hunger.
he was eating to
his heart's content.
Besides, it's my first
Karwa Chauth.
Is he bothered? What's it to him
if I live or die?
Oh God, Sister. Raj hasn't
eaten since this morning.
He said he'd eat with you, and
made me promise not to tell.
Sorry, Raj. I couldn't keep quiet
any longer.
Come here.
Are you talking to me?
- I said too much in anger.
- Don't worry, Senorita.
In big countries such small
things do happen.
It's my turn. You feed me now.
I told you not to betray me.
My daughter will not suffer
what I suffered.
She will not make sacrifices either
as a daughter, sister or wife.
She'll live her life as she pleases.
Find happiness.
Come in.
Take this.
I won't hear a word.
I know everything. I've seen
everything I need to see.
I know Raj is the boy
you met in Europe.
I also know you love each other
very much.
I was wrong, Simran.
My daughter will not sacrifice
her happiness or her love.
Raj, I know you'll make
her happy.
You both have my blessings.
Take my daughter away.
Go away.
No one here will understand
your love.
Take her away.
I'll take care of things here.
I won't hear a word.
Go, before I weaken.
Please go.
- I implore you, take her away.
- I'll take her away, Maaji.
Please sit, Maaji.
Here.
I was very young when
my mother died.
But I owe what I am today
to her.
She told me something
I've never forgotten.
She said: "Son, at every turn
in life, you'll find two paths.
The right and the wrong path.
The wrong path is the easy one.
It'll draw you to it.
The right path will be strewn
with difficulties.
If you take the wrong path,
at first you'll be rewarded
with success and joy.
But in the end, you'll be
the loser.
If you take the right path
at every step you'll be faced
with hardship and trouble.
But in the end, you'll be
the winner."
Tell me, Maaji.
Is my path the right one
or the wrong one?
Yours is the right path, son.
But you don't know my husband.
Maaji, your husband doesn't
know me.
If I'd wanted to elope with Simran,
I'd have done it by now.
But I don't want to snatch her away.
I want to win her.
I don't want to steal her. I want us
to leave with our heads held high.
Now I'm here, I'll take my bride
away with me.
But I'll only leave
when her father gives me
her hand.
Simran is not your problem
any more. She's mine.
You've said goodbye to
your daughter.
Now let the bridal palanquin depart.
Excuse me.
Does this crying disorder
run in the family?
Good shot, my God.
Kuljeet, now that we are friends
I hope you won't mind if I tell
you something.
Go ahead, Uncle.
That girl... what's her name?
Ah, Simran!
You're not a good match,
to be very frank with you.
- Why not, Uncle?
- She doesn't deserve you.
You're a strong young man
from Punjab.
That girl is too quiet and shy.
Not a good match.
You need a feisty girl.
Real feisty.
Come to London. I'll introduce you
to real sparklers. You'll go nuts.
No problem, Uncle.
After I marry Simran
she'll stay here
and I'll come to London
to meet the sparklers.
Two birds, one in hand, one in the bush.
- We'll raise hell.
- Like hell you will, you fool!
I was very young when my father
sat me on his shoulders
and brought me to these fields.
I've been friends with
the pigeons ever since.
I feel at peace here.
I love spending time
with these pigeons.
Tell me something, Father.
Are these pigeons different
from the ones in London?
There's a difference.
These pigeons know me.
They belong to my land.
In London, they're strangers.
Maybe the difference lies
in your perception.
One of those London pigeons
might have flown from here.
It comes from your land.
It knows you.
But perhaps you can't
recognize it.
What's happened?
What are you doing?
My mother always said our country's
soil is very strong. It'll be fine.
But who did this insane thing?
Kuljit?
Look, Father.
Let's go.
Are you still angry about
that beer incident?
It was a folly of youth.
Forgive me.
I've forgotten all about it.
I was wrong about you.
You're right. Maybe I didn't
recognize it.
Sorry.
What's wrong, Mother? You called me.
The doctor may say what he wants,
but I know my time is up.
Don't say such inauspicious things,
Mother.
Nothing to worry about.
It's time to leave.
I've had a wonderful life.
I have no complaints, dear.
But now that I've seen Simran
a wish fills my heart.
I want to see my granddaughter
as a bride.
I hope I don't die
before she marries.
Don't say that, Mother.
The bridal palanquin
needs only to go from one
neighboring house to another.
And you're all here with me.
Don't wait another week.
Can't they marry tomorrow?
You're right. Let them
marry tomorrow.
Isn't it, Baldev? The wedding
procession will come tomorrow.
- Yes, Mom.
- Tomorrow.
It'll come tomorrow only.
We must take Simran away.
There's no other way.
I've got it all planned.
We'll take the morning train.
I'll get the tickets and wait
for you. Bring Simran somehow.
We'll face whatever happens later.
Are you listening?
I know you don't want to
take Simran like this.
But it's too late now.
If you love her and want
to marry her
you'll have to elope, understand?
Good.
Take me away from here, Raj.
You don't know my father, Raj.
We'll have to elope.
I came here to make you
my bride.
I'll only take you away when
your father gives me your hand.
I don't know what will
happen tomorrow.
I myself don't know what
I'm going to do.
But you'll have to trust me.
Whatever I do tomorrow
it'll be for both of us.
Do you love me?
Do you trust me?
All that's left is for the bridal
palanquin to depart.
Oh, my friend
Oh, my love
I give you
into the hands of God
How strange are the ways
of the world
How many blows our crazy hearts
must suffer
What is left for me to hear or say?
Let our feelings stay unspoken
No more hide and seek
Tomorrow my bridal palanquin
will depart
Is it the start or end of life?
Simi, come. It's time for
the Mehndi ceremony.
Father, I was going to tell you...
You were right. It was I
who didn't recognize you.
You've snuck into my home.
Among my family.
And played with my honor.
You deceived me.
You abused my trust.
You mocked our decency.
How dare you love Simran?
How can you be worthy of her when
you're unworthy yourself?
I was right about you.
Scoundrels and liars like you
never change. They get worse.
Didn't I tell you to
take me away?
Didn't I say no one here
would understand our love?
Didn't I tell you we must run?
No, Simran. No.
You can run away from strangers.
But if you run away from your own,
where would you run to?
They're our elders.
Our parents.
They spend their lives
raising us.
They give us boundless love.
They can decide things for us
better then we can.
We've no right to make them suffer
for the sake of our happiness.
Father is right.
I'm a liar and a cheat.
So what if I lied to win you?
A lie is still a lie.
Father is right.
I'm unworthy of you.
So what if I see no one else
but you?
So what if yours is the only name
I recall?
Father is right. I am a good-for-nothing.
How did I imagine that
I could marry you?
So what if this good-for-nothing
loves you madly?
Love isn't everything.
Father is right, Simran.
Father is right.
Here, Father.
I return what's yours.
I didn't come here to break
anyone's heart.
I came to win a heart.
There must be something
lacking in me
if I couldn't win your heart.
If you think Kuljit will make
Simran happier than I can,
then you must be right.
You, better than anyone,
know what's best for Simran.
Forgive me, Father.
Forgive me, Preeti.
I know I hurt you.
Raj, where is Simran?
She will come, Pops.
Her father will bring her.
He'll have to.
I won't hear another word.
Go away.
Your son has deceived us all.
Showed us his true colors.
- I won't let a liar...
- Enough!
My son is my pride.
Don't insult my pride.
They're fighting at the station.
Someone might get killed.
Stop them. Please come.
Simran, come with me.
Stop it!
Let me go, Father. Let me go.
Raj is my life, Father.
I can't live without him.
Let me go to my Raj.
Father, please I beg of you.
Go, Simran.
No one could ever love you
more than this boy.
Go, child. Go.
Go to your Raj.
Go, Simran.
Go, live your life.
- I am sorry.
- It's alright, Senorita.
In big countries such small things
do happen.
The brave of heart always win
the bride.
When I saw you I knew,
my beloved
Love is a crazy thing
Where do I go from here?
I could just die in your arms